hello to all guys welcome back again
video I'm here in 46
today I bring you two home products or
peace I had already anticipated that
I would have brought products of this
home is today I bring you two products that
they have more or less the same purpose
one is the magnetic wifi and the other is the my
bluetooth music regarding the
wifi version we find on the part
front and the power button
switch off at the top online
status and paget logo while in the
back we find the key for
reset the switch for the ces point
or client the audio output the output
optical audio and micro usb port for
power
regarding the version
bluetooth we find on the top
a microphone a play pause button that
it is also used for ignition
turning off a three and a half jack on the
right side and a micro usb port
left soldier for refill e
power supply are two devices
made to transmit music
or wireless audio
the music wifi is used
mainly at home and can be
used in two main modes
one hot spot coin while the other
coin access point from hotspot the music
will be connected to the wifi network at home and
all the devices inside the
home network will be able to use my
music to transmit music has
postponed I hope while in the coin
access point the music will create a network
wifi to which you can connect via
smartphone computer anything else
and broadcast the music directly to
my music
the bluetooth version let's say that one
extra function for can make everything e
the car radio equipped with three and a half jets
both bluetooth regarding the
calls that regarding the
music transmission is equipped with
a battery that lasts 7 hours
conversation or broadcasts of
music and 10 hours in standby then the
really the optimal duration provided
both are supplied with cables for
audio transmission however not for
recharging is the usb cable topic
for charging but not the adapter for
the plug can then be recharged or
with a cell phone battery charger
or with any USB port too
a computer a decoder of any
USB port
I wanted to try these two well
products before presenting the
version that amazed me the most is
that was the bluetooth wifi one
let's say I was a little disappointed but not
so much for the bluetooth version
more than anything because the range of action
bluetooth is not very wide then
the device to which we connect it must
stay very close so let's say
at most one meter to have no type
of lag or interference problems
wifi version instead has no type
of wifi distance problem works
very well even at several
meters away
regarding these two products
it's all but you have to know in the comments what
think of these two products if there
you would buy if you want to buy them
in fact, I leave the description of the link to
amazon and I remind you that if you want
free support for the channel of
replace the amazon link with that
which you were describing among yours
favorite and you have a few questions
scene was in the comments if you want
information especially what you find
always in the description and guys if you
liked the video left I like it if
you did not like left I do not like
and as usual find all the links
for social media both on the screen and in
description and guys see you with a
other video